JavaScript MA03
----------------
Level 2

1. In your own words, describe what JavaScript Code Style is.
	Javascript code style is simply the way or attitude adopted to writing codes in Javascript. 
	Javascript ingeneral allows developers to adopt their own code convention that suite them.


2. What is a Regular Expression?
	Regular expression is a specific way a developer want data or information to be presented.
	It is simply a pattern described by developer to match character combination for demanded 
	or give information. Its the use of character combination followed by a method to present 
	or demand information.

3. What does the .random() method do?
	The .random method or function is used for rounding decimal numbers or floating
	numbers to nearest-even number.

4. What does the .sort() method do?
	The .sort method is invocked to re- arange an array or elements in an array. This method .sort, 
	can be dependent on the ".compare" method to achieve a desired re- arangement from the .sort functon.
	The . sort method does not keep the original array sorted.

5. What does the .reverse() method do?
	When .reverse method is invocked on an object with an array property, it reverses the array elements by 
	making the first array element becomes last and the last element becomes first.

6. List two examples of bad JavaScript code.
	The equality signs (=, == and ===) can give code unwanted result if the right one is not used.
	The second bad Javascript code is "Blockless Statement" which is without the curly braces.

7. What data types can a JSON object contain?
	JSON data type must only contain :
	A string
	A number
	A boolean
	An object; that is JSON object.
	An array
	null

8. What is minifying JavaScript Code?
	Minifying Javascript code is cleaning up codes by removing part of the code (characters) that is not contributing
	to functionality of the code and will not affect operation of the codes.


9. What is a global variable?
	Global variable is simply any variable with endless scope and accessible anywhere in a program. Its scope is global
	and it value can easily be changed anywhere in the program.
